Brothers, it’s hard to believe
this is our last time together.
Wow!
We have a packed agenda,
so let’s get started.
Our first point . . .
This is our last week
with our circuit overseer
before he leaves us
for his new circuit assignment.
Rick has been a great circuit overseer
—spiritually mature, experienced,
and patient with us.
Tom, your thought?
Well, the brothers and sisters . . .
Rick is single.
And sadly, there were plenty of times
we turned that gift into a challenge
—ever since his first visit.
Hello, Jeff.
Yeah, I have a minute.
Oh, that.
Laundry night.
My washing machine is a clunker.
I just assumed a single brother
had lots of free time.
I didn’t know how much he had to do
on his own.
But there was a lot more I didn’t understand.
See you. Bye!
Bye.
Hey, look!
They have something there.
It sounds like a great Bible study.
I can’t wait to meet her.
Thank you very much.
See you then.
See you.
They would be really good . . .
I don’t know what you’re waiting for.
For what?
Come on!
A single circuit overseer, a pioneer sister
—you’ve got to be looking for a C.O.’s wife.
Well, . . .
The teasing was so inappropriate
and was there at every visit.
Then there were those trying to be,
how should I say, helpful.
Look!
You’ll want to meet them,
and so I invited them for lunch Saturday.
Rick never asked for that help.
All it did was put him
and plenty of sisters
in an awkward situation.
That’s what he dealt with week after week.
We all failed at times
to see past the single person
to the spiritual man giving Jehovah his best.
We’ll miss you.
Just maybe not as much
as some of the sisters.
I didn’t want to make that mistake again
with any single brother or sister.
Rick.
Jeff.
Thank you.
I learned a lot from you.
And I hope Jehovah blesses you
wherever you go.
Amen!
Thanks, Rick.